Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What were you doing?
In Alaska.
out in the desert...
Did you know Godzilla was there?
I didn't know it would be Godzilla.
but I needed to draw out a Titan.
Why?
To open a rift.
To prove the network exists.
There's a gateway
that leads to their world
inside our own.
All this to prove your theory was right?
That my parents were right.
If they hadn't been dismissed as
lunatics. heretics. by Monarch...
maybe G-Day would never have happened.
Maybe Cate
would still be here.
Cate's not dead because of Monarch.
She's dead because of us.
Because I believed in you.
But all you ever cared about was this!
That isn't true.
I only wanted to protect you from this.
But you didn't need my protection.
That was my mistake.
You want to spare others the pain we feel?
You want to find a way for the
human species to survive?
Help me.
Work with me.
We can solve this.
Together.
Solve what?
The secret of co-existence.
All right.
If you can answer one question.
That's what matters to you now?
With the fate of the world at stake?
The choice I made...
You think I haven't tried
to understand it myself?
Would you rather that I hadn't
fallen in love with your mother?
That our family never existed?
Our family doesn't exist.
Not anymore.
I told you it wouldn't take long.
I gave most everything away.
I still need to make a few more trips.
Where will you go?
San Francisco.
Just for a few days.
There are some things I need to do...
for the divorce.
Emiko.
from now on...
After the attack on San Francisco.
we called everyone we could think of.
Hospitals. The Red Cross.
We searched the internet.
I never gave up hope that
you would come home.
We dreamed about this day.
No matter what you did to me.
your son deserves a
relationship with his father.
So please.
when you find out where you'll be staying.
let Kentaro know.
I thought you wanted my help?
You sound like you don't
want it to be true.
Of course I want it to be true!
But there's a big difference between
what you want to be and what could be.
You got so big.
I'm so sorry.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-